this is one of them from the purposeful
way in which he's walking it's clear
that the search for prayers started the
other members of the team aren't far
away they've been steadily following the
monkeys for about 20 minutes looking for
an opportunity the technique there on a
certain use is that one of them will be
a driving record as ahead of him then
there will be others that go up on
either side who are by blockers who
won't make any attempt to catch the
monkeys and then their faces who go and
grab at the monkey if they can and
finally there's one male who will go up
ahead and so bringing the whole monkeys
are now getting alarmed a drive is going
up to prevent the group from settling
and to drive them towards an area where
they're more easily trapped
that's that's one of the bloggers says
now widely come ahead to colobus and his
halfway up the tree now he's
deliberately making himself conspicuous
no it looks too sir they're all in
position the drivers gone them up the
blockers have gone up and now the one
who's gonna make the ambush and close
the ring he's gone up to a colobus of
his very lucky wait now
[Applause]
the dot one
the hunters are tearing it apart
everyone the hunters of the trees and
the spectators on the ground are
screaming with excitement
[Applause]
now the kill is brought down so that the
females and others can share it
[Music]
and there's a reward for that long chase
the divided body of a colobus monkey
these blood-stained faces may well
horrify us but we might also see in them
the face of our long distant hunting
ancestors and if we are appalled by that
non-violence bloodlust we might also see
in that - perhaps the origins of the
teamwork but have in the end brought
human beings many of their greatest
triumphs
you